feat(android): Gradle plugin migration from 3.x.x to 4.0.0 (#8613)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/migration.mdx

description: "Migrating between versions of Sentry's SDK for Android."
---

## Migration from `io.sentry:sentry-android-gradle-plugin:3.x.x` to `io.sentry:sentry-android-gradle-plugin:4.0.0`

### Breaking Changes

- Bumped Sentry Android SDK to `7.0.0`. Please, refer to the section below for the detailed changes in the SDK.
- Renamed `experimentalGuardsquareSupport` flag to `dexguardEnabled`

### Sentry Android SDK Compatibility

> Make sure to use Sentry Gradle plugin 4.+ together with the Sentry Android SDK 7.+, otherwise it might crash at runtime due to binary incompatibility. If you can't do that for some reason, you can specify the Sentry version via the plugin config block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use Sentry Gradle plugin 4.+ together with the Sentry Android SDK 7.+ otherwise, it might crash at runtime due to binary incompatibility. If you can't do that for some reason, you can specify the Sentry version via the plugin config block:
```

```kotlin
sentry {
  autoInstallation {
    sentryVersion.set("7.0.0")
  }
}
```

> Similarly, if you have a Sentry SDK (e.g. `sentry-android-core`) dependency on one of your Gradle modules and you're updating it to 7.+, make sure the Gradle plugin is at 4.+ or specify the SDK version as shown in the snippet above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, if you have a Sentry SDK (e.g. `sentry-android-core`) dependency on one of your Gradle modules and you're updating it to 7.+, make sure the Gradle plugin is at 4.+, or specify the SDK version as shown in the snippet above.
```
